Computer AI Design for Othello Game

1. Did you attempt to make your computer player very smart -- i.e., do something more clever than just pick a random legal move?

    Yes. I tried to make a prior position list for the computer AI to save the legal moves that make it play the game
in a more effective way.

2. If so, were you able to accomplish this? Is your computer player as smart as you would like?

    I have accomplished it. When it's the computer player's turn, what it acts is what I expected. 

3. How did you determine which piece to play next? Tell us about your “pick next move” algorithm

    We know that in this game, it is important for a player to place the tiles on the corner of the board as soon as possible,
in order to have more safe tiles that wouldn't be flipped. 
    Because of this, I created a list to save the position of the four corner squares of the board. When it's the turn of the computer player, 
it will get the valid position list of the white tiles. Then, every valid position in the valid position list will be checked if it is one of
the position of the four corner squares by looping the valid position list to check if it is also in the list of the four corner squares. 
If so, the position will be saved in the prior list. After the loop, the computer player will pick up a random position from the prior list
and put down the tile on this position.

4. How often did your computer program beat you, or your friends, or whoever tested it out for you?

    My computer AI's win rate is about 13%.

5. How would you improve it in the future?

    In the future, I want to improve the position strategy for the computer AI by extend the position list to save more possible prior positions,
and also, the possible prior list would be changed automatically when it is the computer's turn.
    For example, when the computer AI have placed a tile on the top-left corner, the possible prior list will be changed - it will not only
have the four corner squares, but also includes all positions on the board edges that include the top-left corner. When placing tiles near
the corner it have occupied and also on the edges, there will be more safe tiles that wouldn't be flipped for the computer AI.
